Hey what's going on guys it's dynasty
I'm back bringing you another grant
that's out of five video I got for y'all
today is yet again another GTA 5 online
mod now you probably wondering how could
I one-up a bodybuilder online we'll
check it out guys we got the rainbow car
mod as you can see when you're driving
around in a vehicle it does in fact
change color and this is just absolutely
sick and this blew my mind when I saw
the gameplay footage of course provided
by a good friend of mine fluffy aka Zack
link to his channel will be in the
description below just like the last mod
this mod is also a script mod so it's
pretty hard to get a hold of only a few
people can really pull this off online
so I mean this is really exclusive it's
really rare to see footage like this
hopefully you guys do enjoy this now
personally this is probably my new
favorite mod and I really can't wait to
sit down and try this online because it
just looks sick can't wait to just hop
into any random vehicle and see it
changed colors now it's cool is it
doesn't like change the license plate it
strictly just the color and the paint
jobs and I was like man this is really
sick and I think the viewers you guys
the fans of subscribers the loyal family
I got here in my channel would really
enjoy watching this so if you guys did
enjoy watching this make sure you let me
know in the comment section below along
with that let me know what mods do you
all wants to see Fluffy's really
creative he can get old a lot of
creative things he makes mods he gets
ahold of these mods so let me know in
the comment section below what do you
guys want to see in GTA online this is
great because it just gives us an
example of what's to come I mentioned in
the last video this is a great way to
let us see what we can do once this is
released of course for the PC version
because you just imagine having this
online like say you're gonna do a race
or something and just pull it up at the
starting line and then you just look to
your left and then all you see is this
car just constantly changing colors so
it gives you that whole originality feel
to your whole car your character so
anyways guys what do you think of this
mod make sure you let me know in the
comment section below and remember leave
me your responses what do you guys want
to see in GTA 5 online GTA 5 in terms of
mods if you didn't enjoy the video be
sure to drop a like leave a comment
subscribe and it's the next time I'll
see you all later peace